Clean docs and update readme (#9)
bcgov/bcstats-ses: src/README.md

> Collect data from StatsCan and other statistics agencies and convert to clean CSV files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collect data from StatsCan and other statistical agencies and convert to clean CSV files for use in a secure research area. Note that this code **does not** produce the actual SES index, but only produces a subset of the required cleaned datasets.
```

> ### Data

Reviewer: Once you've started documenting the datasets we are actually using more thoroughly, I think we maybe come back and update this section.

Author: Right. I have added a line for it.

1. [StatsCan census 2021](https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2021/dp-pd/index-eng.cfm). It includes income, education, vocation, and family information. 
2. Translation Master file(TMF). TMF is a table with different levels of geography to link the data.It is a fact table and comes with a set of dimension tables (lookup tables) for the categorical variables.  
3. [B.C. crime trends and statistics](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/justice/criminal-justice/policing-in-bc/publications-statistics-legislation/crime-police-resource-statistics). 
 * It requires a lookup table to link policing jurisdictions and regions in BC. 
4. [BC population projection](https://bcstats.shinyapps.io/popApp/)
5. [BC Wild fire data](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/safety/wildfire-status/about-bcws/wildfire-statistics/wildfire-averages)

All data are stored on the LAN. BC Stats data may be slightly different from the public-available data.  

> ### Usage

Reviewer: Just want to make sure that as code is actually reviewed, that this usage section is updated so we know what to run/in what order (if it matters)

Author: Right. Only reviewed code is kept in the `src` folder.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: When you merge files, you need to address it when this happens - I'm not sure how this one snuck through.

Reviewer: I think you'll want to keep everything below the =====, not above in this case.

Author: It is weird. I already fixed it and it is not in my local README.md.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Author: I committed again, and it should fix this conflict. Previously, the commit did not go through. I guess.

Collect data from StatsCan and other statistical agencies and convert them to clean CSV files.
=======
Collect data from StatsCan and other statistical agencies and convert to clean CSV files for use in a secure research area. Note that this code **does not** produce the actual SES index, but only produces a subset of the required cleaned datasets.
>>>>>>> 9bc117ff62f1f313d9e0fcad773b4ea3379b731c

### Data

1. [StatsCan census 2021](https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2021/dp-pd/index-eng.cfm). It includes income, education, vocation, and family information. 

>   * A `background.txt` stores the information of the detail of StatsCan Census data.

Reviewer: not sure where this is?

Author: After a discussion with Tim, we decided to move a long comment from R code file to a separate `background.txt` which is about how Census data is organized.

Reviewer: is that the background.R file in the census folder? And do we also want this script in that folder, or do we even need the subfolders?

Author: This is background information. Including it in the R code would be too long and cumbersome. Previously, we put them in a Txt file, and later changed it to r. I am not sure what are the best ways to save that information.

Reviewer: Yeah I was just confused because the README said `background.txt` but the file was `background.R`. It doesn't really matter -> if it's truly background that's needed in here, markdown is probably the way to go :) (github loves markdown!) 

Other question still stands -> do we need the subfolders? And if so should the code be in the subfolder too? Or can we just have a src folder, and then a background_info folder with a slightly better named `background.???` file.

Author: I agree. It seems to be a better solution. One markdown file for each data and all markdown files are saved in the background_info folder.

Reviewer: Well, one markdown if it's needed, some may not need it! (I think census just had a lot of extra info)

Author: Sure. The comments were less organized in R code. I will clean them and put all background info in one markdown file.

Author: Done. Now we have one folder and one file for the background info.
